Kirsi Jokela


# **End assignment** (book)


## Task: Create and test BookStorage class
Create a class `BookStorage` for book data. Data storage is passed to the constractor as a parameter. Data is in a json array. Use the following json array as default storage. You may need to modify the data or add more versions for testing. 

### datastorage.json

```json
[
  {
    "bookNumber": 1,
    "name": "Rebellion of Sophie Q. Lister",
    "author": "Layla Jones",
    "price": 123,
    "amount": 7,
    "genres": [
      "textbook",
      "poem",
      "fiction"
    ],
    "info": {
      "notes": "collectors edition",
      "booktype": "hardcover",
      "edition": "fourth edition"
    }
  },
  {
    "bookNumber": 2,
    "name": "The adventures of Mike the Millipede",
    "author": "Layla Jones",
    "price": 123,
    "amount": 1,
    "genres": [
      "humorous essay",
      "nonfiction",
      "fiction"
    ],
    "info": {
      "notes": "-",
      "booktype": "leaflet",
      "edition": "fift edition"
    }
  },
  {
    "bookNumber": 3,
    "name": "NoSql - New Hope",
    "author": "Layla Jones",
    "price": 123,
    "amount": 13,
    "genres": [
      "nonfiction",
      "short story",
      "chronic"
    ],
    "info": {
      "notes": "collectors edition",
      "booktype": "softcover",
      "edition": "first edition"
    }
  },
  {
    "bookNumber": 4,
    "name": "NoSql - New Hope",
    "author": "Isla Shore",
    "price": 200,
    "amount": 7,
    "genres": [
      "nonfiction",
      "humorous essay",
      "textbook"
    ],
    "info": {
      "notes": "-",
      "booktype": "magazine",
      "edition": "seventh edition"
    }
  },
  {
    "bookNumber": 5,
    "name": "NoSql - New Hope",
    "author": "Felix Harris",
    "price": 200,
    "amount": 5,
    "genres": [
      "fiction",
      "chronic",
      "short story"
    ]
  }
]
```


# BookStorage API

## Constructor

### **constructor(jsondata)**
Initializes BookStorage object

>Parameters:
>>The data storage json object is passed as a parameter to the constructor.

>Returns:
>>

>Throws:
>>If the parameter is missing, constructor throws an error `'data storage missing'`


## Methods


### **get_All_books_By_author(searchValue)**
searches books with given author

>Parameters:
>>searchValue is the author of the book to be searched

>Returns:
>>Returns an array of book objects of given author. If no book of given author is found, returns an empty array.

>Throws:
>>If a parameter searchValue is missing, an exeption `'missing parameter'` is thrown

### **get_book_genres(searchKey)**
Returns an array of book genres. If none found, returns an empty array.

>Parameters:
>>searchKey is the bookNumber of the book

>Returns:
>>genres of the book as an array or if none is found or it is empty or parameter searchKey is missing, returns an empty array.

>Throws:
>>

### **get_info(searchKey)**
searches the book matching the searchKey and if match is found returns the info object otherwise null is returned

>Parameters:
>>searchKey is the bookNumber of the book

>Returns:
>>returns the info object of the book matching the searchKey. If no book matching the given searchKey is found or searchKey is missing, null will be returned

>Throws:
>>

### **get_total_price_of_books_by_author(searchValue)**
returns the total price of all cars that have the same author than the given searchValue

>Parameters:
>>searchValue is the author of the book to be searched

>Returns:
>>total cumulative price of books matching the searchValue

>Throws:
>>if no book with the given searchValue is  found throws an exeption `'nothing found with given'`. If a parameter searchValue is missing, an exeption `'missing parameter'` is thrown

### **get_Price(bookNumber)**
get the price of the book

>Parameters:
>>bookNumber of the book which price is to be returned

>Returns:
>>returns the price of a book matching the given bookNumber

>Throws:
>>if no book with the given bookNumber is  found throws an exeption `'nothing found with given'`

# The project

## Create a folder for the testproject
- the name of the folder should be `Jokela_Kirsi_book`
- create **package.json**
  - **`npm init -y`**
- install **jest** as development dependency
  - **`npm install jest --save-dev`**
- create folder `__tests__` for tests
- edit the test script in the **package.json**
- use **datastorage.json** as a data source

## Design test cases in separate .md -file
## Implement all tests and test them to fail
## Implement corresponding methods
## Test the project until all tests pass

## Submit the project folder
Submit your project folder acording to instructions given separately.
Remove the `node_modules` folder before submitting.
The project folder should include `package.json` file